## Introduction
Thank you for your interest in taking AP Computer Science Principles next school year! This page contains important information about your diagnostics assessment, which is required for your application to be considered. Pleases make sure you take the time to read through the whole task before starting it. 

**Acceptable AI Use Policy:** The use of generative AI technology is acceptable for brainstorming, troubleshooting, proofreading, organizing, and strategizing. If your response includes materials generated by AI technologies in any part of this diagnostic, you must clearly indicated and cite the source of the AI technology. Failure to report AI use will be treated as plagiarism (using other's work without attribution)

## Purpose
AP Computer Science Principles is a class that values soft skills more than hard skills. Students who are book smart often find CSP difficult because they are accustomed to one way of solving problems and are easily defeated when unexpected things happen. On the other end, students who are undisciplined also find this class difficult because they can't push themselves to the finish line. In other words, it takes special kind of people to succeed in AP CSP. 

**This diagnostics contains tasks that will reveal:**
- How you explore when instructions are incomplete
- How you respond when things don’t work
- How you decide what information to read or ignore
- How you revise your work over time
- How you explain your decisions

For most of you, this assessment will mean absolutely nothing to you. It's one thing to know what you are trying to solve but *what if you don't even know what the assessment is asking you to do?*

**That's the point of this assessment.** *Can you figure this out by utilizing the near infinite amount of information you can find on the Internet?* 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> It is absolutely important that you follow all directions carefully and do not skip steps. Your entire commit history must remain intact without any alteration. Failure to do so may cause the entire repository to become corrupted and you may accidentally delete someone else's work.

## START OF ASSESSMENT TASKS
### Task A: Creating Your Own Copy
- You will need your own copy of this repository to work in.
- Make a copy that lives under your GitHub account, then get it into a place where you can edit files.

### Task B: Self Introduction
1. Navigate to `introduction/` folder
2. Create a new Markdown file named `yourname.md`, like `timothychang.md`
3. In that file, include:
  - Your name
  - Why you’re interested in AP CSP
  - One thing you’re curious about related to computing or technology
4. Save and make sure your file is also in your repository on GitHub

### Task C: Group Signature
1. Find `everyone.md`
2. Add your name to any open line available along with your favorite animal, like `Timothy Chang, T-Rex`
3. Save and make sure your changes is also in your repository on GitHub

### Task D: Reflection
1. Create a file titled `reflection_yourname.md`, like `reflection_timothychang.md`, in the same folder as the introductory `README.md`
2. Answer the following prompt
  - What was the first thing you did when you opened this repository?
  - What was the most confusing moment?
  - What strategies did you use when you got stuck?
  - How did you decide what information to read or skip?
  - What do you feel more confident about now?
  - What still feels unclear?
3. Save and make sure your file is also in your repository on GitHub

### Task E: Propose Your Changes
When you are done with Task A-D, you will:
1. Propose your changes back to the repository you made your copy from
2. The title of your proposal should be `AP CSP Diagnostics - Your Name`, like `AP CSP Diagnostics - Timothy Chang`
3. In the description, explain:
  - What you tried
  - What worked
  - What didn’t
4. Combine your changes to the original repository
5. If your proposal has a conflict:
  - Try to resolve them. Be sure to not delete things you aren't sure about
  - If you cannot fully resolve them, explain what you attempted and what you learned

## END OF ASSESSMENT TASKS
